hi this is pressed L occur in this video
we'll discuss the length of a helix or a
spiral consider a cylinder where we have
a spiral that's drawn from the bottom of
one end to the top of the other that
loops around one time the puzzle is what
is the length of this spiral we're going
to say the cylinder has a height of 3
and the circumference of the base will
be equal to 4 can you figure out what
the length of the spiral is go ahead and
give it a try when you have a solution
or you're ready you can keep watching to
see the solution that we present all
right you could solve this by
parameterizing the spiral and using the
equation for arc length but being a
puzzle there's a trick we unwrap the
cylinder to form a rectangle and now the
spiral is the diagonal of this rectangle
this rectangle has a height of 3 and the
length of the rectangle will be the
circumference of the circle which is
equal to 4 so we can solve for the
length of the spiral as the length of
the hypotenuse of the right triangle
with legs 3 & 4 and this will be equal
to 5 did you solve it I hope you liked
this video please subscribe to my
channel you can support me on patreon
catch me on my blog mind your decisions
on Twitter at pressure Locker and you
can get my books listed on my website